“ Kya tum pichhe wali seat pe baith sakte ho, actually mujhe waha se theek se dikhayi nahi deta.. If you don’t mind..” Meri new classmate jo apni friend k saath class me aayi.. Usne Mujhse kaha.. 



Mai bench ke dusri side ho gaya aur dono girls ko dusri side baithne ka ishara kiya.. But dono pichhe wali khali bench pe jake baith gayi.. Fir mujhe laga..mujhe hi uthkar pichhe chale jana chaiye.. Aur maine unke liye aage wali bench chhor diya.. 



Shayad Ye mere M.Tech. ka college me dusra ya teesra din tha.. 



After around 6 months k papa k cancer treatment k liye hospital me rehne se aur doctors ki din raat ki dedication ko dekh k mujhe bhi apni life k saath kuchh better karne ka motivation aaya. That time I was just doing time pass and enjoying my life with family after completing my B. Tech. After his treatment and surgery we came back to home in August 2013. I wanted to do something  but was not getting what to do.. Then I decided to join ACE academy, I had just 4 months in hand for GATE preparation. But I thought let's take a last chance. 



Ultimately I did littlebit better and I got rank 590. Actually this number is very special. Family was more happier than me. As I am the Youngest in my family .. everything comes to me at last only.. Even responsibilities.. My elder brothers thought atleast he(me) will enjoy two years along with M. Tech.. So my mindset was like that only. That time 2 states movie was recent release, and one of my cousin bro “Sumit Bh.” used to say to me praveen go and make 2 states there.. Find someone very nice.. and enjoy the college life.



But actually I am a shy guy. I don’t get mingle with everyone.. I make less friends..but best ones. But Sumit Bh’s words was somewhere in the corner of my mind.

After 3rd counselling and confirmation of admission, there was a gap of 15-20 days between start of class. But I decided to stay here in NITK campus only. Almost everybody else went home for the period of admission and class start. I got a temporary room in 7th block. Staying there with so many good thoughts .. dreams..and wishes and was waiting for  class start. Those 15 days I actually got very bored and was knowing not a single person in campus but every night before sleeping some good thoughts come to my mind that life will be good here … I will get some nice friends.. And will enjoy alot.. Bcz it it NITK.



 The girl who asked me to sit behind was cute and was a small girl (very young). With a special kind of hairstyle.. Which I didn't like much.. Now she has better. And her friend who was with her was little more matured. This was my first thought of appearance. I didn’t know their name. After her refusement for sitting along me on the same bench I was thinking and was smiling internally like.. During M. Tech also girls feel like this..cant sit with boys. But this was not a serious feeling.. And it was not judgemental.. Because those initial days was full of positive feelings.. 

Class started.. Was enjoying some lecturers (a very few actually) and was tolerating most of them.  Other classmates were also there (total around 23-24). That time nobody was knowing anyone as usual.. After some usual days everybody started sitting on the same seat. So those second row bench we left for girls and those two girls started sitting there daily. And I used to seat on 3rd bench with 3 of my classmates (Anurag, Deepak, Dhiren). Me and Deepak were littlebit friend. Deepak was chit-chatting with that girl during class period break.. And suddenly one word came into my ear “my Gate rank is 590 and score is 718” I was sitting besides but was not there in conversation. After listening this I suddenly got attention and I spoke “Mine is also same Rank and score.. Exactly same marks in decimals also.. What a coincidence..wow”. After listening this she also got surprised and we were laughing.. This was the first day I talked to her in group. 



Then 3-4 days went.. After sunday it was Monday and first lecture was ACN (Advanced Computer Networks) and faculty of this subject was very strict of timings. He used to come 2 minute before in class and close the door. After that he doesn’t allow anyone to enter the classroom. Everybody was knowing this.



That day I came out of lift and walked towards class. I was just two steps behind sir. But he didn’t allowed me entering into class.. and said come tomorrow. I felt so embarrassed but i could not say sorry sir. Actually nobody could.. There was no space for sorry sir. So Came near lift and sat on steps and started waiting for over of that lecture. I didn’t see when someone else came and is standing and also could not attend the lecture like me. When we suddenly looked at each other spoke together “U also came late ?? with little smile” I said “I was just behind sir but he didn’t allowed me, what the fu*k is this ”.  This was that same girl (Pari).



We came and stand together and started talking..

“Yaar how is this M. Tech… so strict.. Even in schools there was not so strict..” we both were saying like these same things.. 



“Apni friend ko message kr do lecture record kar le”.. I said to her.



“Seriously ?? but kaise karu”.. She got confused..

She might be thinking … how much studious is this guy .. can’t skip one lecture.. Hahaha… but i was not…



Actually I told her... “Yu hi….” that to for her...if you want...not for me..just like an option..



Later we started faltu topics.. Like hostel food.. NITK campus.. Lectures n ol..



I was enjoying this this time.. As nobody else was there.. That too initial days.. We didn’t know each other.. That too a pretty girl.. 50 mins .. Beautiful feeling were coming.. I was not flirting but just told .. “Ur hairs are so silky and shiney.. Mine are falling.. Kon sa shampoo use karti ho… mujhe bhi kuchh tips do na.. ”. 



“Mere bhi bohot hair falls ho rahe hain yaar.. M too worried”... she replied.



“But u must be knowing some nuskhe… right..bcz you r a girl.. Nd that to having b’ful hairs”... i said with smile.



We chit-chatted for around half an hour.. Nd forgot that we should have regret of missing the lecture.

Usually I am less fashionable.. But that day i was wearing a new T-shirt, jeans and, my favorite shoe.. She might noticed..nd liked my dressups.(bcz later she said these to me.. :)



For me her first impression was like.. Ok let me tell one by one..

She was average beautiful.. But very cute..

She was also not much fashionable that time.. But now she is..



So it was a nice feeling talking to her.. And I thought we can be friends.

As time passed.. Simply.. Attending boring lectures.. Usually these days we were flooded with assignments with mid night deadlines.. So these were tough time for each of us. So many things were very new.. heard for the first time.. That too .. didn’t know.. What to do and how to do.



One incident related to our batch, that no one from IT dept can forget, specially we classmates..



Suddenly one day Pari entered into class with off mood and was very .. upset.. We all



thought what happened with her.. She told someone did my proxy… now reshma told


me..





(Reshma was the receptionist in our IT dept but, she used to feel like she is HOD of the dept. She also used to follow some rubbish time of department clock which was 7-8 minutes fast from usual time. she used to keep attendance register like..it is her ijjat.. even if u r late one minute according to department clock being 6 minutes ahead of usual time u can not sign... even no arguments will work with her, and u will end up with making your mood off.. and with so many abusing words entering into ur mind for her.. that was  very brief about reshma.) 



This happened when pari was on around one week leave due to some surgery, she was not well. that time nobody knew it except madhuri, who was the only close friend of her that time. So someone from department came into class and called madhuri nd pari into HODs room. Exactly don't know what happened inside but was intuition that may be madhuri got scolded from HOD. But madhuri refused it by saying that, "Y shall I do proxy for her? even I had applied leave on pari's behalf." 

But HOD sir was not ready to accept this argument and was very unhappy with this incident. Then that same faculty whose class ACN we both had missed came to class and started making us afraid. He started saying like



"the one who has done proxy can not hide him/herself from me(him) ".

"I have so many techniques to catch him/her".

"I have solved so many such cases in dept. and hostels.. nd blah..blah.."

That day our day got worse from the faculties side.. They started looking at us as the worst batch ever. But our seniors were standing with us. Seniors were saying that this is not the first time when this has happened but don't worry, nothing will go wrong, but someone will have to accept about doing this proxy.. unless and until someone accepts they will not gonna forget.



At 2 pm after end of usual class timing we got a big bad news from HOD that today onward Lab access will not be provided to students in extra hours. We all were in shock hearing this,, that how will we complete our assignments without having lab. and lab was the place where we used to sit together, gossip together about dept, about faculties..etc.

We all honestly didn't know that who has done this proxy.. this was the big mystery among us. But everyone from dept side was thinking that somebody must be from our batch only has  done proxy.. their logic might be also true..that who else will do.. we were also in same confusion.



biggest question was ... who did this proxy..??



This incident is more relevant to this story because this had happened with Pari.. nd I was perhaps the only one who had little bit interaction with Pari at that time, and unfortunately it happened too.. One day she asked to me.."Praveen did u r the one .. who did my proxy.. umm??"



By hearing this... meri to fatt gayi.. i thought .. whats this... Why shall I do it?

then she told.. m just kidding.. dont worry.. 

Literally the situation was worst that time... They had made it like.. someone has murdered someone .. and thay are gonna rusticate him/her from the college.. nd its a biggest crime... something like that…



This drama continued for almost 10 days... daily some new chutiyapa.. like ink match, font matching, handwriting matching.. voting in class.. etc.

Fortunately I was not voted for this proxy.. because I had not done it.. so no font matching.. ink matching.. handwriting matching.. fortunately... 

I was literally scared.. and everybody was... But perhaps the most scared person was Pari, because everything happened to her,, that to within first few months of college. Nobody knew her state of mind.. what she might have felt that time... how she faced every thing.. nd how she could have concentrated on her studies.

But as time passed this matter gone into background.. and we got our lab access back on written apology letter to HOD.. this incident is still a mystery .. who did that proxy..?



Things were going usual .. we all had heard from our seniors that unless untill we will help each other we can not complete this mtech easily specially in this department.

So we used to help each other, when we all got system assigned I helped Sunaina (another girl in our class). Sunaina is pretty girl, and I don't know how, when and who made this rumour that I am trying for sunaina.. I got to know about this from anurag.. and I was smiling and was also surprised and disappointed.. that howwww ???? People used to predict and say anything.. when did I tried for her.. I discussed these things with deepak.. as he was the only one close friend to me.. that time.



Then after hearing this, I tried to keep myself apart from sunaina.. means tried to not get involved anythings related to sunaina.. not just bcz classmates were talking like that.. rather thinking that might be sunaina also feel this or what.. ?? what the fu*k ..!!



I was not friend of Pari yet, then mid sem of first semester came, and everybody was afraid for few subjects.. and For ACN that faculty had refused to share any materials due to that proxy incident. Everybody was trying to get Xerox of few chapters of ACN book , as there was no any other option to prepare. Deepak was the selected CR for the first semester... unfortunately..

 Unfortunately because being CR in our department was unfortunate.. because so much pressure.. responsibilities..and some Fu*king silly works apart from studies..and after doing all these also.. CR used to get scolded by all the faculties.. for any thing .. even if it is not wrong.

 That day we all asked our CR deepak to get Xerox for everyone.. I  had not opted for Xerox.. I thought I will share with deepak.. as our room was near in hostel.. nad those days we used to study together in hostel.

     

      ---2---

     

One day pari called me on phone.. "Praveen .. do you know where deepak is ?"

"He will be in his room.. why what happened ?"...I replied

"Can you just, ask him when you meet him.. for my zerox.. I have to prepare for exam.. he is not picking up my call".. she said

I replied.. "Ok.. I will".

But after 2-3 days also .. Deepak forgot to give Zerox to Pari..

She again called me..once..about the same

I told to deepak.."Why dont u give zerox to her? she called me.. and also Y dont u pick calls? Give her zerox.. yaar.. she is waiting.."

"De dunga yaar.. tu tension na le.."..Deepak said to me.

I said.. "Yeah.. but give her... she'll have to prepare for the exams.."

These days deepak was ditched and was unhappy with her ex-gf.. so he always used to tell me.."Yaar .. ladkiyon ko utna bhav nahi dena chahiye.. tu bekar mein itna mat soch.. de dunga.."

I couldn't say anything.. "just said.. ok.. but de de"



When he went to give xerox to pari.. he said to pari that.."Praveen told me 10-12 times .. usko zerox de de,.. usko zerox de de.. pari is calling me again and again.."

"Nahi yaar maine ..itna bhi nai bola use... maine bas 1-2 baar hi bola use.. and that to .. when u were not picking up call.."...Pari said to deepak..

I don't know.. what else they talked.. but somehow I got good impression... she thought .. I am little caring.. actually those time was tough ..and everybody was looking for some good friends..to get help in completing assignments.. or at least to get some.. peace of mind..and to share frustrations..and pressure.



It was the weekend before the start of mid sem exam.. she used to call me.. and sometime frequently.. about how r u preparing..what r u studying..

I was also feeling happy..and was smiling..inside that... someone asking to me.. about studies..and preparation... because i never took studies very seriously.. never During B tech.. only studied that much..as much was required to clear the papers... also did well in some subjects which were really very interesting to me.. that's it.



Suddenly one message came in my inbox.. "Heyy.. m tumhe bohot baar call kr rahi hu.. Sorry..tumhe disturb hua.. Mujhe thori tensn hone lgti h.. To m kuchh b soche bina call kr deti hu.. Abi thora kam karungi.."

"No, no not at all.. aisa bilkul bhi mat socho..meri bhi haalat waisi hi hai.. tension mat lo.." ..I replied to her message.

"thanks.. ".. she replied..

"Even m happy that u are sharing to me.. and we are friends .. yaar.. "..I was feeling very good with replying this.. and was showing these messages to my roommate Piyush..



Second day was sunday.. it was boring evening after full day study.. piyush told me to ask her for beach..

I messaged her.."will you come to beach with me.?"

she replied.."Ok.. but I am not ready.. ll come in hostel dresses only...  tum bhi jyada  ban- than k mat aana.."

I said.. "areyy dont worry .. maine to nahaya bhi nahi h... mai tumse bura hi dikhunga.. haha.."

We went to beach.. I took cold drink..and cadbury with kurkure.. thinking going for the first time with girl.. shall have good impression..and that to nandini shop was in my way to her hostel..and beach. we went ..sat together..were chit- chatting.. but I wanted to ask about whether she is having any boyfriend..? but before i could have asked.. she showed me pic that.. I have already visited..Udupi...and .. this is my boyfriend... Some tall punjabi guy.. not very handsome than me... :) what else i could have said to my mind..

Then I said.. I also have girlfriend.. but now a days.. we have some problem and misunderstanding due to some unusual incident happened among both the families.. She is my cousin  brother's fiancé  sister..

But I felt.. she is cute...simple... emotional of my kind.. then we came back before dark.. also after 7 o'clock we were not allowed in college beach..

                                                         

----3----



And like..this we started talking ...little frequently..mostly through messages..that time, then we started going to library some time..

I still remember.. I had followed some video lecture from youtube and had prepared some notes.. I was studying Cloud Computing with her in library.. nd was doing some tickling with my legs to her legs.. just for fun nd masti.. I dunno when and how i got attracted towards her.. and got special feelings about her.. I used to feel awesome being with her.. sitting together in library.. studying together.. Usually I don't like studying together, I can't concentrate.. But when she told.. She wants to study with me..  I couldn’t refused..



We were studying together but.. I was not able to focus much.. And was in some other imaginary world.. We were sitting very close to each other.. I dunno when I kept my left hand on back rest of her chair, she was perhaps feeling uncomfortable.. But she didn't tell that time anything.. 



Later after mid sem gon over.. She called me in the evening and told me.. How did you put your hand on my back, I didn't tell anything that time because of our exam. 

I said “I am extremely sorry”.. This will never happen again.. I also dont know.. If u felt embarrassed then m really sorry..



I told.. I want to meet you.. And I want to confess.. I want to say sorry.. And I don't want to loose our friendship. She said I too don't want to lose you as a friend.



Then we became friends.. With little more understanding.. 

After  that we used to go to beach .. nd roaming in the campus… she used to crack jokes.. And used to make double meanings.. 



Once I called deepak too for going to beach with her.. Deepak was talking so much about IIT delhi.. Deepika padukone .. and I was getting little bore.. Everything.. Was like.. IITd mein aisa h.. Waisa h… n ol.. That day we three went to beach and enjoyed alot.. But i got little upset due to.. Some nonvage joke.. Between deepak nd pari.. For me..that time it was not so obvious.. And didn’t liked that  much.. And they kept on asking what happened to me?



We came back to our hostel.. And I told to deepak.. That I didn’t like.. Those things in front of pari.. But it was not deepak’s or pari’s fault. It was my fault.. Or little feelings about her.. 

Same evening one message came to my inbox... 

“Heyy.. u kw wt.. 2day wen v wr cming back.. Deepak askd me..nd then abt u..lyk what kind of person u r, then I didn’t say much.. bt so many things came to my mind.. nd I wanted to tell  d first thing came to my mind ws… u r a gud person.. nd if as a person somone is good..dat matters alot for me..evn I can ignore anything beyond that. U olways say na.. I nvr praise u… then I must say .. u r a very good human being.. :)“



Then one more msg came..”One more thing I have to say.. M ur friend.. In fact good frnd.. But don’t treat me as ur gal frnd..”



What can I would have replied.. I didn't replied anything perhaps.. 



I didn’t had any strong feeling for her… but then also somehow I felt little unusual.. And I was in little Pain.

  

       ---4---
